disclaimer (#23)
maltejur/discord-screenaudio: README.md

anything else, this client has way too many things that work less well than in
the original client.

> ## DISCLAIMER!!!
> 
>   ***USING THIRD PARTY CLIENTS IS AGAINST <a href="https://discord.com/terms">DISCORD'S TERMS OF SERVICE</a>, WE DO NOT TAKE ANY RESPONSABILITY FOR ANYTHING CAUSED DUE TO THE VIOLATION OF DISCORD'S TOS***
>   
>   

Reviewer: Thanks. I wouldn't make the notice this scary, but having one is definitely good.

```suggestion
Technically this could be against
[Discord's TOS](https://discord.com/terms#software-in-discord%E2%80%99s-services),
so be warned. Discord probably won't ban you for using this, but if they do I
told you and it's not my fault.

```

Author: haha, i like the laid-back tone of that :)

fully up to you, it's your project

Reviewer: Yeah the serious disclaimer is basically covered by the license https://github.com/maltejur/discord-screenaudio/blob/master/LICENSE#L600
